[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we are with former US
Marine Mike Herrera.
Mike is a veteran with a
Distinguished Service record.
Today, we discuss the pros
and cons of this effort.
Mike, welcome to the show.
>> MIKE HERRERA:
Thank you, Emery.
It's a pleasure to
be here as always.
>> EMERY: So is Congress
planning to reveal the whole UAP
program?
And if so, who's going
to be in control of that?
>> MIKE: Well, I think Congress
has taken the right step
in order to understand that this
is a real situation and a real
scenario that people have
to get in their heads.
You know, I think it's
surprising to a lot
because obviously, there's
been the stigma which we all
know about, people have
been ridiculed for this.
This is the reason why senators,
politicians, presidents
have refused to even
comment on this subject
just because they don't want
to be associated with it.
But when you have credible
people stepping to the plate
to try to provide the actionable
intelligence to the Senate
Intelligence committee, to
Senate, to members of Congress,
it definitely begs the
question of why would anybody
be doing this, like,
why is everybody also
connecting the dots?
Everybody's
testimonies and stories
are connecting the dots for
them to actually understand
that there's a problem here.
And the problem is
a lack of oversight.
>> EMERY: Yeah, because
they keep adding additional
committees for this committee
now to oversee this,
to oversee that.
Do you think eventually
though who's going to be--
once it is revealed,
is what I mean,
who do you think will
be in charge of that?
>> MIKE: That's up in the air.
But you know as
well as I do, when
they put boards and committees
up to stuff like this,
it's more of trying to
put it out to pasture.
So we're trying to work
very hard to make sure
that doesn't happen.
So if they're going to put
people who actually are not
going to be on these committees
to actually just sweep this
under the rug so
to speak, I think
as people that actually
have to understand,
hey, we need to go to
these installations,
we need to know what
project names that they are,
is in these projects,
where are these materials coming
from, and who above all else
has actual oversight of
this, and why are they
not asking those people.
>> EMERY: Right.
And we spoke earlier
off the record
about not just the US
Congress, but what can you
tell us about other nations?
>> MIKE: Well, I know the United
Kingdom is definitely wanting
the same thing.
I know a lot of European
Union countries as well.
As far as Russia I'm not
really understanding if they're
actually on board with that.
And I know people in Australia
as well as their members
are wanting the same thing
because this isn't just
the United States initiative.
This has to be a
global initiative.
And if governments are
contacting each other,
corroborating the same
testimonies or even
people that have similar
experiences, maybe
similar projects
that they have that's
top secret from the
population knowing,
then it's going to
definitely connect
the dots on a global scale.
>> EMERY: And how do you
think these ET technologies,
these assets are going to be
handled once they're surrendered
to us?
>> MIKE: So once
they're surrendered,
there's going to obviously be
some considerations that people
need to understand.
One, they do not want the
weaponization of the technology
to be given out too
freely to everybody else.
That's going to be who's
to say that there's
people going to
have good intentions
with that kind of technology.
>> EMERY: Right.
People need to
understand something
that can be used to cure you
can also be used to destroy you.
>> MIKE: Correct.
And so getting people more self
reliant on this technology,
so the question is, what is it
going to do with these energy
companies per se?
If you have a device that
you put in your house that
powers your house,
that controls the heat,
that can control AC for example,
or even car manufacturers.
So you look at
electric car models
for example and
how sophisticated
that is, who's to
say that this is
going to either over complicate
that or oversimplify it?
There's a lot of
stuff in the air.
And people aren't
thinking about the time
it's going to take to transition
from once this is revealed
completely, all the way up until
the length of time it's going
to take to actually incorporate
this and actually shift
the world into that direction.
I estimate it probably
take within 10 to 20 years
that we could see
something like that happen,
granted if Congress and they
stick to what they intend to do.
>> EMERY: Right.
And what agencies do you think
perhaps will be running this?
With these technologies,
or is it just
going to be buried again
in the black projects?
>> MIKE: There's definitely
a risk of it being buried
because the weaponization
process we've talked about.
As long as it has correct
oversight from people
in the Senate
Intelligence committee
that oversee the budgets,
especially the black budget,
what they're going to
notice is they're not
going to have to
be any embezzlement
because these corporations are
going to be put in check, which
is what should happen.
And I think that will happen.
But the other thing
to go and put this
into research and development.
So let's say Air Force
Intelligence, if you will,
all of a sudden they
oversee the projects that
go towards more of a
transportation aspect with this.
Because then you take the
big C-5M Galaxy planes
that transport, who's
to say that they
don't have anti-gravity
craft that can transport?
Not using fuel,
not using anything
like combustible engines.
It's going to be much cleaner.
It's going to be much faster.
It's much less dangerous.
The only thing is having
to train these people on
to utilize this craft.
That's the other question too.
How are they going to
actually utilize that?
Are they going to have to have--
>> EMERY: Outfitting all
these craft and vehicles,
not just craft.
You know, who's going
to do all that training,
and where does that start?
Who's responsible
for the education?
>> MIKE: Right.
And that's what's going
to have to be considered
because these people that are
running these programs they know
best because that's just a
typical day of work to them.
They may be well versed and
know how everything works.
Now you're having to
read people who already
have a skeptical mind as it is.
That may, oh, this isn't
real, this isn't genuine.
But then you have
people that deal
with this on a daily
basis that are going
to have to teach these
people like, hey,
this is what you have
right in front of you.
This is how it's utilized.
This is what we've been
doing for X amount of time.
So I think it's going
to be a learning
curve for a lot of people.
But it's also going
to be a learning
curve for the people that
are involved because they're
going to have to now
teach and instruct people
how to utilize this
technology safely.
>> EMERY: Do you think the black
team agenda that this is part
of that agenda, or they're
just preparing for it maybe?
Or is this just coming,
and they don't know?
>> MIKE: There's definitely
people within these
organizations that are good guys
that want this to be completely
transparent and with oversight.
Just because of the
technological advancements
that are going to be throughout
human history coming forward.
We even talk about natural
disaster responses.
We talk about even medicine.
We talk about-- you are well
versed in harmonic frequencies
and how they can
destroy cancers.
Who's to say that
they're not going
to be able to do the same
thing but refine it to
instead of having cures
that make people bankrupt
like the pharmaceutical
companies
per se, now you're
going to have maybe five
pharmaceutical companies get
on board with this technology
and actually cure people
and keep curing people.
It also goes to animals.
It goes to zoology too.
>> EMERY: Absolutely.
What do you see comparing
Congress with the black team
agenda moving forward?
Are they both going to
be on the same level,
or is there still going to be
this I'm better than you thing?
>> MIKE: Well, from
my understanding,
the black organization,
as global as it is,
there's still a small
number of the bad guys.
And so hopefully,
the good guys are
the ones that are going to
flip the tables so to speak,
and align with the
views that Congress
as well as the
government is going
to have to try to get
this to be solved.
The disclosure process.
I think right now has been a
soft disclosure because there's
been credible people
who have stepped up
to the plate and
briefed Congress
on national television of
what they know personally.
>> EMERY: Right.
Yeah.
>> MIKE: So that's more
of a soft disclosure
because there's witnesses.
There's people who also attest
to these individuals that
went to Washington DC to testify
and say, yes, what they're
speaking or-- they're the
face of their organizations,
or they're similar people that
may have been in their shoes.
So they're representing
a vast group of people
that have experience with this.
My personal view is
that I don't think
the bad guys are necessarily
going to freely want
to give up this stuff.
It's making them a
boatload of money.
>> EMERY: I can see that.
Yeah.
>> MIKE: They have the grip
on humanity so to speak.
They don't ride within the laws.
They completely go
against the law.
Everything they do is illegal.
It's unconstitutional.
It's very heinous crimes that
they commit on a daily basis.
>> EMERY: Are you suggesting
that perhaps there may be
an internal war, a
pushback from the few dark,
dark people that are in
the black organization,
or are the white hats going
to be able to take over that?
>> MIKE: Well, hopefully
speaking that they do.
At least get the bad
people put in check,
or get them to realize
what they're doing is bad,
you know, it's wrong.
You know, but you're drunk
with power and greed.
And with all the
things that they have,
that's easy access to them.
So I would hope that
that's what happens.
But it's up in the air.
I have no knowledge
of that personally.
But it's possible.
>> EMERY: We can only
just hope for the best.
>> MIKE: Correct.
I think that's what we should
do is hope for the best
and maybe that'll play out.
>> EMERY: So what are the pros
and cons of revealing this
amazing new technology that
the black programmers have been
hiding?
>> MIKE: Well, we'll
start with the pros.
The pros are obviously going
to be medical sciences.
You're going to have
advancements with that.
Transportation, you're going
to have stuff that's actually
going to help the ecosystem.
You're not going to have
to worry about pollution.
You're going to have
poverty pretty much cured
within a few
generations of people
because everybody
will be able to afford
these relatively easily,
especially because you're
going in third world countries.
And with this
being said, I think
when it becomes common knowledge
of where this technology has
been developed from, people are
going to have more awareness
and have more of an open mind.
So who's to say that this
leads us down the road
to actually start having
groups where they can actually
have official contact groups
based off of peaceful measures
with extraterrestrial
intelligence,
and maybe they're going
to give us at some point
also another
technological exchange.
Maybe getting us to a different
point in civilization where we
can start being interstellar.
>> EMERY: And who do you think
is going to allocate that like
for medical or
even construction.
Anti-gravity would be great
to move things around.
>> MIKE: Exactly.
You're not having to
worry about popping tires
on the highway from
potholes, right?
You know, but at
the same time it's
going to keep everything clean.
So it's up in the air who
would actually oversee that.
I think it's going to be
a lot of trial and error
before it gets refined.
It's going to be
a lot of headache
for some that are involved
because you're having
to transition this technology.
So I think that could also be
listed as a cons in that aspect.
>> EMERY: Sure.
Right.
Either way.
>> MIKE: You know, and the cons
obviously would be this not
being implemented in a sense
that it's going to be killing
each other over resources again.
But you're using more
advanced technology to do it.
That's what's already been done.
It's being done presently.
And it's something
that needs to stop.
>> EMERY: Do you think this is
also not just going to happen
here in North America, but
it'll benefit globally?
>> MIKE: I believe it
will benefit globally.
I think it's going to
be launched the same way
because you're going to have
people talking to each other
throughout different
countries and how
they're going to utilize this.
So I think it's going to be--
>> EMERY: The logistics on
this is just overwhelming.
>> MIKE: Yes, it is.
And that's what people
don't think about,
is logistics or
what would happen
because the first thing that's
going to come to your mind
is careful what you wish for.
It's going to be revealing
to some people that
may be super religious that--
but then, again, if you're
looking into textbooks back then
hundreds of thousands
of years ago,
they all talk about
the same thing.
>> EMERY: Correct.
Yeah.
>> MIKE: You know, so I think
getting people to understand
them have more of an open mind
I think is going to suit more.
I think that's going to be
the biggest pro in history
is getting people to
have be open minded
and understand that we're
not the only ones here
in this universe that
are calling the shots.
>> EMERY: Well, that leads
me to my next question.
Is there an extraterrestrial
role in the transition?
>> MIKE: If it's a peaceful
measure and let's say that
everybody put their
weapons down per se,
nobody is being targeted,
shot down another sky,
I think that's very
possible that could happen
because who's going to say that
this technology gets utilized
in a sense that's going
to up our consciousness?
If you're going to up
somebody's consciousness,
it's going to make
them happy, if you're
feeling good all
the time and happy,
you're not going to
want to go next door
and go blow up your neighbors.
>> EMERY: Right.
>> MIKE: You're
going to feel good.
They're going to feel good.
Everybody's going to be on
the same page with that.
>> EMERY: Do you believe this is
being initiated by the humans,
or possibly it's being initiated
by the extraterrestrials?
>> MIKE: I think
right now it's humans.
And the only reason
is because obviously
how delicate everything
is right now.
But I think if we get
to a certain point,
then there may be
extraterrestrial intervention
that can help us steer
into the right direction,
or maybe even teach
us how to utilize
this technology correctly.
>> EMERY: Do you think they're
kind of waiting for us to step
it up?
>> MIKE: I believe so.
Because here's-- you know as
well as I do with how long this
has been going on, there would
have been a point where they
could have intervened and
done that at any point.
But they're not going
to be here to give us--
>> EMERY: They're not
handing out freebies.
>> MIKE: Yeah, they're not
going to give us a fish.
They're going to
teach us how to fish
because that's going to teach
us to grow as a civilization.
>> EMERY: I agree.
Are you aware of
any other nations
that are in contact with
extraterrestrials about this?
>> MIKE: About the subject, no.
But I do know that
there are contact groups
in different countries that are
trying to establish relationship
with extraterrestrials.
At least contact groups
that are trying to show open
minded people that, yes, we're
not alone in this universe.
You know, so I think
more people globally
get on board with
that aspect, it's
going to show potentially
extra civilization
or extraterrestrial
civilizations for that matter
how humankind really is.
And we're not those
barbaric apes so
to speak, like we actually
have a desire to learn.
We have a desire to teach.
That's how we become better as
people is by teaching others
to do the right thing.
>> EMERY: Are they able to
decipher though a very harmless
group of contactees and a black
flag group that's trying to kill
them?
>> MIKE: I think they can--
>> EMERY: They have
discernment I mean to--
>> MIKE: I believe that they do.
And I believe they're keeping
their distance for that reason
because one, there's
people who've
never done this before who
are frightened at that idea.
And maybe they stumble onto
it accidentally because that
does happen all the time.
So it kind of makes them
feel like, OK, there's
something that's more powerful
than what we understand
than the laws of the
universe because you
have beings that are able to use
those laws for their benefit.
And they're choosing
to use those benefits
in a peaceful measure as opposed
to going throughout the universe
and conquering star systems.
>> EMERY: So in
your opinion, Mike,
what do you think if people
would actually see a video that
was recently took
of black teams,
loading up a P3 kind
of mission there,
how would their response be?
>> MIKE: I think it's
going to be shocking.
I think that that's what
would happen because you're
having the revelation that
humankind is able to communicate
with extraterrestrials.
>> EMERY: Right.
>> MIKE: In a sense what that's
going to do is it's going
to pave the way for open minded
people to understand that, yes,
what you're maybe
stumbling onto individually
because there's people
who aspire to do this.
That's why there's groups
around the world of hundreds
of thousands of people that
want to be a, quote, unquote,
"ambassador" of--
>> EMERY: Right,
opening their minds up.
>> MIKE: Correct.
So I think it has
reaffirmation on the aspect
that this can be done.
And it's going to build
confidence for that.
Now it's almost like saying--
let's if somebody
wants to be a pilot
and they see like
somebody teaching them
how to fly an aircraft per
se, and they see a video
on how all of this is done.
Oh, well, I never thought
I could learn this way,
but now I'm learning.
That's how YouTube's using a
resource to actually show people
how things are done.
I think this could be done
in a similar fashion on how
to actually and
correctly contact
extraterrestrial civilizations
for peaceful purposes.
So once that is established,
and I think it's going to be--
it's going to
damage people's egos
at first, which I'm
all about ego death
because that's how you learn.
>> EMERY: It's the rebirth.
That's good.
>> MIKE: Yes, it is.
Because it makes you
grow as an individual,
it makes you grow as
a conscious level.
So after that initial
shock happens,
then the realization happens.
Then I think when more people
take the understanding of how
this is done and apply it
with themselves, groups
of like minded
people, that is going
to have a large movement for
disclosure on its own purpose
without any kind of
intervention between
military, such as
Congress, Senate,
anything like that
to do it that way.
People are taking
initiative to get
disclosure on their own
terms and the easiest
way they can do it is possible,
which is these contact methods.
>> EMERY: The pros and cons
of all this that we're talking
about right now is going to
affect society, humanity,
and mankind as a whole.
I mean, what can
you enlighten us
of how that transition
is going to happen?
>> MIKE: Well, personally I
think it's going to be rough.
I mean, look at, for example,
we'll talk about the lockdown.
>> EMERY: There's going
to be some, you know,
"I don't believe this."
>> MIKE: Well, 100%.
But it's on both
aspects of this, right?
So let's say that
you try to influence
the population in a way.
We can say like what
we've been encountering
in the last couple
of years that's
been going around to people.
Misinformation
tactics with that.
But from people you
wouldn't expect it
from, but then all
of a sudden, you
have the people that have the
right information also getting
it from different platforms.
I think it might be
done in the same way
because what people
have to understand
is humans have an agenda
at the end of the day.
If you have
corporate people that
are trying to monetize
this to be the ones that
know about it first and try
to get their stories heard
before anybody else
that actually has
firsthand knowledge
of this, I think
there's going to be
some conflict with that.
The other issue is the
fact that you have senators
and Congress people have
talked about the disclosures.
>> EMERY: Political.
>> MIKE: Yes.
So there's always a game
being played with that.
And the excuse
that they have is,
oh, it would have to
restructure civilization.
Well, there has to be a
rebirth in that sense.
Look at the collapse of
different civilizations
back then.
>> EMERY: But how do you
restructure religion?
>> MIKE: I don't--
I personally don't know.
But that's going to be a--
>> EMERY: That's going to
be one of the biggest ones.
>> MIKE: And I think this is
a "red pill moment," quote,
unquote, that a lot of people
are going to have to understand.
You can talk about God.
You can talk about how God
may have created ETs too.
It's just to our
understanding of what
we personally as a human
species have encountered
is what can we reflect.
We don't know everything
in the universe
because we've never been out
to the reaches of the universe,
the far--
as far as I'm concerned,
as far as to my knowledge.
But who's to say if
humans are regularly
traveling amongst
the star systems
and accounting
different things that
defy what they're
used to knowing.
That's going to be
damaging to some.
But that's going to be
enlightening for most
people that have open minded.
And the beautiful thing
about the trajectory
that we're heading into
especially with what we're
dealing with now is
there's a lot more
open minded people who are
not willing to take things
at face value.
But what we do is allow
people to research
and look into it on
their own accord,
to provide themselves
an understanding.
So self education
in that respect
is going to pave a
brighter future for people,
instead of just having to
take people's face value.
I want people to research and
look into it because then you're
going to come up to
your own determination,
whether you believe it's
false or whether you
believe it's true.
But there's so much
evidence out there.
There's so much things
that corroborate
other people to say, yes, what
we're talking about is true.
They're going to fall in
line with that because all
the evidence are
going to be given
in one with their own
individual research
is going to paint them
into that direction.
>> EMERY: Well, it
needs to be done.
And I think that's
a very positive way
to look at it because most
of the people out there
do want to know the truth.
And that's what we're
talking about here.
>> MIKE: Right.
And you know you're going to
have to lose what we currently
have in order to
better understand
what we can potentially
gain from this as a species.
And it's very powerful
stuff to understand that.
So people get stuck
in their own ways
and that's the
problem with humans
is that they get
stuck into repetition,
or doing the same thing.
And that's how they build
habits because they're
comfortable with that.
You have to get uncomfortable
with comfortable,
especially with this idea
to transform this race
into a better civilization.
Because it's not
just and I, there's
billions of people
on this planet.
There's generations
of people that are
going to follow suit with this.
I know when I
leave this Earth, I
want this planet to be better
off than what I found it.
And if I get to do in a sense
with what I'm doing now,
it's going to help
out tremendously.
>> EMERY: Speaking of the pros
and cons of ET revelations,
let's talk about when the new
Galactic way comes, all right,
how are we going to not
only restructure that,
but how do we fit into
that harmoniously?
I mean, are we is there going
to be some sort of person that
comes and represents
on their end
to let us know this is
how it's going to unfold,
or is it going to
be a joint thing?
How do we both all
integrate in a loving way?
>> MIKE: So I think the first
question we have to understand
is hierarchy, right?
I personally don't believe
that they have a hierarchy.
I believe that they have the
system where everybody is equal,
and they're all the same.
And that's what creates
or mitigates any way
any kind of
differences such as why
we have wars to begin with
in the first place because
of differences.
Realistically there are petty
in a lot of ways, right?
I believe that they're
on a unified system that
makes everybody equal.
So that's going to be
hard for a lot of people
to understand because
it's a primitive nature
to have hierarchy positions
because it establishes rank,
right?
And somebody's always going
to be on top of the pyramid.
So if that's going
on, I don't think
that we're going to be
able to get to a point
where they're at because people
want to have the natural ability
to actually be in
charge of something
or try to put themselves
on a pedestal that's
different from everybody else.
We all put our pants
on the same way.
We all learn the same way.
We all experience life
in the same exact way.
It's maybe taught in
different instances.
It's maybe taught in ways
that people can actually
understand it.
So I think to get to a point is
going to have to first establish
world peace.
Everybody has to set their
differences aside for--
>> EMERY: Absolutely.
>> MIKE: If you can do this in
a year where everybody can put
their differences aside,
everybody understands that
we're all humans at
the end of the day,
we all want the same things,
we all want our families to be
taken care of, we all
want to experience love,
we all want to experience--
>> EMERY: And we all have
food, water, and shelter.
>> MIKE: Yes, we do.
We all want those things.
So if everybody is living
in an abundance mindset
with that degree,
that's going to get
us further understand of how
these galactic federations
if you will operate the same.
Everybody is equal.
And that's how it needs
to be established.
I think a lot of good
organizations in this world that
are beneficial have the
understanding that everybody
is on the same level.
It's humility at
the end of the day.
It's keeping people humble.
And if extraterrestrials
are in a sense to teach us
how to be more humble towards
each other and to ourselves
more especially, it's going
to get us onto that level
where we can potentially
join a system like that
and maybe integrate
that here on Earth.
>> EMERY: And learning
their system over this time,
seeing how they did it.
>> MIKE: Correct.
>> EMERY: And
implementing that with us.
>> MIKE: Correct.
And if they've been around
a lot longer than we have,
I mean, that's going
to be very encouraging,
because we actually have
steps to look forward to
in the future.
Granted if-- it's like playing
four dimensional chess with what
we're doing right now.
And if we can actually
turn the tides of what
the current direction is and
go to the better direction,
and it's going to allow other
things to happen in the future
that we maybe never
thought would be possible.
So it's opening up possibilities
for humankind to advance
in ways that are beneficial
towards everybody
such as no conflicts, no
wars, better ecosystems.
You talk about better
ecosystems that
means humans are
going to be healthier.
If you're healthier
and feeling good,
you're going to be happier.
If you're happier,
you're going to elevate
to a level of
consciousness that's
going to be very radioactive,
no pun intended in that nature.
But then you're going to be
able to be potentially invited
to partake in what these
other federations are doing.
>> EMERY: Yeah, an overabundance
would maybe help us out a little
bit.
>> MIKE: Correct.
And who's to say that maybe
we get the technology where
we don't have to actually
mine for resources,
but we can
materialize resources.
>> EMERY: There you go.
>> MIKE: And guess
what that means?
Earth doesn't have to be
damaged in the process.
It means things are easier to
come by what that understanding.
>> EMERY: Mike, I love
what you had to say.
I totally resonate with that.
I want to thank you
for being on the show.
>> MIKE: Thank you, Emery.
I appreciate it.
It's been a pleasure as always.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]